docs/about.md, before:

---
title: What is Comfora?
description: Our mission statements and values within Comfora.
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD025 MD026 -->
# What is :comfora-logo: ?
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD025 MDO26 -->

Established in June 2025, the Comfora Organization is committed to bringing developers open-source projects
that improves their development cycle or proves be to helpful. Big or small projects, we support any Comfora Projects.

## Comfora Mission

We believe that open-source is the future of development and are major believers of open-source initiatives
created such as the [open source initiative](https://opensource.org/) and many more. We also believe
development is funded by,

- **Transparency** and honesty.
- **Community collaboration** and networking.
- Having people have a say in our **governance and management.**

## F**k AI 🤬

Comfora Organization is committed to not using artificial intelligence for graphical generations or text generation on any of our **social platforms, community, and websites (docs included).** Art and graphics are the backbone of creativity, and we do not support AI models stealing artists or graphic designers work without payment.

The intelligence of AI is unparalleled, so thus, **we use AI for the following:**

- Small code generations in our projects; we don't generate full functions or packages from AI
- Grammar corrections are made from tools such as LanguageTool and Grammarly; we also don't allow full content generations.

## Contact us

Wanting to contact us about something or are you a organization seeking corporation or partnerships? Feel free to reach out!

- Business Inquiries: [**business@comfora.org**](mailto:business@comfora.org)
- Service management or offering: [**services@comfora.org**](mailto:services@comfora.org)
- Other: [**community@comfora.org**](mailto:community@comfora.org)

Or, make a ticket with the category, **"Other / Questions"** in our [discord server.](https://discord.gg/7pAmWQqGhF)

Commit message:

chore: add webfinger and settings files, update about and index documentation, and revise mkdocs configuration

docs/about.md, after:

---
title: What is Comfora?
description: Our mission statements and values within Comfora.
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD025 MD026 -->
# What is :comfora-logo: ?
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD025 MDO26 -->

Established in June 2025, the Comfora Organization is committed to bringing developers open-source projects
that improves their development cycle or proves be to helpful. Big or small projects, we support any Comfora Projects.

## Comfora Mission

We believe that open-source is the future of development and are major believers of open-source initiatives
created such as the [open source initiative](https://opensource.org/) and many more. We also believe
development is funded by,

- **Transparency** and honesty.
- **Community collaboration** and networking.
- Having people have a say in our **governance and management.**

## F^^k *Generative* AI

Better known as our **Responsible AI Usage** policy at Comfora, We are committed to not using artificial intelligence for graphical generations (such as AI pictures, videos, nor audio) on any of our **social platforms, community, and websites (docs included).** Art and graphics are the backbone of creativity, and we do not support AI models stealing artists or graphic designers work without payment.

However the intelligence of Agentic and Text-Based AI is unparalleled, so thus, **we use AI for the following:**

- Small code generations in our projects; we don't generate full functions or packages from AI for security reasons.
